New Dockerfile and updated tracing setup (#34)
robosoft-ai/SMACC2: tracing/ManualTracing.md

# SMACC2 Tracing

> This small example shows the steps to follow to trace a smacc application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This small example shows the steps to follow to trace a SMACC2 library.
```

First, make sure that smacc and tracetools installed (or built in your workspace) in your system.

See README.md for setting up a SMACC workspace.

Setting up LTTng

```
sudo apt-add-repository ppa:lttng/stable-2.12
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install lttng-tools lttng-modules-dkms liblttng-ust-dev
```

Create and add your user to a new tracing group

```
newgrp tracing

> sudo usermod -aG tracing $USER

Reviewer: here you could also use
```suggestion
sudo usermod -aG tracing `whoami`
```
